Add Some Clarification on Reporting IDs, Origin (#837)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

 * `buyerAndSellerReportingId`: A [USVString](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#idl-USVString), no character limit. If set, the value is used instead of the interest group name or `buyerReportingId` for reporting in `reportWin` and `reportResult`. Note that this field needs to be jointly k-anonymous with the interest group owner, bidding script URL, and render URL to be provided to these reporting fuctions (in the same way that the interest group name would have needed to be).

 * `buyerReportingId`: A [USVString](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#idl-USVString), no character limit. If set, the value is used instead of the interest group name for reporting in `reportWin`. Note that this field needs to be jointly k-anonymous with the interest group owner, bidding script URL, and render URL to be provided to these reporting fuctions (in the same way that the interest group name would have needed to be).

 * `metadata`: Arbitrary metadata that can be used at bidding time.

>  * `allowedReportingOrigins`: A list of up to 10 destination origins allowed to receive [registered macro values in reporting](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/Fenced_Frames_Ads_Reporting.md#registeradmacro). All origins must be HTTPS and [attested for Protected Audience API](https://github.com/privacysandbox/attestation#the-privacy-sandbox-enrollment-attestation-model). Entries are [USVString](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#idl-USVString), no character limit. Invalid URL, non HTTPS, or list size greater than 10, will result in failure to join the IG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `allowedReportingOrigins`: A list of up to 10 destination origins allowed to receive [registered macro values in reporting](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/Fenced_Frames_Ads_Reporting.md#registeradmacro). All origins must be HTTPS and [attested for Protected Audience API](https://github.com/privacysandbox/attestation#the-privacy-sandbox-enrollment-attestation-model). Entries are [USVString](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#idl-USVString), no character limit. Invalid URL, non HTTPS, or list size greater than 10, will result in failure to join the interest group.
```
